#  Artificial Intelligence for Low-Code Development

Overture Tool is an open-source IDE for developing and analysing VDM models. SSBJ (SuperSonic Business Jet)-KADMOS (Knowledge- and graph-based Agile Design for Multidisciplinary Optimization System). Drake Model-Based Design and Verification for Robotics. SpecGenie is an AI-powered web app that turns one-paragraph project ideas into complete SRS documents. Rascal meta-programming language. ModiGen is a LLM-based workflow for multi-domain Modelica component generation. Eclipse Open VSX. Modex - Modelica IDE for AI-assisted modeling. ModelScript is a comprehensive visualization framework. Scilab/XCos adapted to use JModelica. ModelicaGym toolbox. The SMArtInt Library is designed to integrate various AI models. Eclipse Capella is an open-source MBSE tool. OpenMBEE View Editor (VE). Eclipse SysON interoperable tool. Kiro is an agentic. Spec Kit - AI-Powered Specification-Driven Development Toolkit. Ephemeris SERMA. ReqTool is a model and a requirements editor for the Eclipse Capra framework. Inference code for CodeLlama models. ZEN Engine is an open-Source BRE. SudoLang is a programming language designed to collaborate with AI language models. NL2SWL-Framework LLM-assisted generation of SWRL rules from NL. SpecGen is a JML specification generation tool based on LLM. Implementation of a Latin language using LLVM. Code2Prompt is a powerful context engineering tool. Eclipse EMF is a modeling framework. PseudoMorpher AI-Powered Transpiler. Dynamo Ada Generator. ColdFrame generates Ada framework code. Modules-Based Interface for Computer Programming. Clara is a forward-chaining rules engine. Rule Designer is the Eclipse-based IDE. Intelligent assistant for ERPNext. Otto is a Frappe Framework app. FlexiRule is a visual rule engineer & orchestration engine. Factory de Odoo turns a Product Requirements Document into a complete, multi-module Odoo ERP. OpenXava generates a fully functional web application from JPA entities. Genie is a powerful full-stack web framework

Spec-Driven Development flips the script on traditional software development. For decades, code has been king — specifications were just scaffolding we built and discarded once the "real work" of coding began. Spec-Driven Development changes this: specifications become executable, directly generating working implementations rather than just guiding them.

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.


